It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV
But where are those
good old-fashioned values
On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man who
positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry
He's a family guy
Hi, it's me, Peter.
You may be wondering what I'm doing
in a library.
Well, I actually drove my car
into this rich guy's house
and he locked me in here
until the police come.
Don't believe me?
I don't know, I just locked him
in the library.
Seems like he's on something.
He's got crazy eyes and keeps screaming,
"I don't care."
I don't care!
Anyway, I've got some time to kill
before this room is filled with tear gas.
So, I thought why not finally read
some of the classics I never read
in high school?
Here's one right here, The Great Gatsby.
A book by the only respected guy
in the world named Scott.
It was my first summer staying
at the shore.
But I had a feeling that, I,
Nick "The Situation" Carraway,
would fit right in.
Hey, it's Nick from The Great Gatsby.
I just checked in and somebody left
their teeth here.
I don't know, it's just a set of teeth.
I guess men's.
No, I'm not putting them anywhere,
you come and get them.
The neighbors are having a party
with loud jazz music.
Well, at least annoyingly scatting
over jazz hasn't been invented yet.
Oh, that must've been invented today!
Hey, whose party is this?
I'm not sure, women aren't allowed
to ask questions yet.
So, what's your name?
Madam, you forget yourself.
That's when I first laid eyes
on him, Jay Gatsby.
He was clearly playing with himself
through his pocket,
but I pretended not to see.
Hello, welcome to my party. Name's Gatsby.
Good to meet you, old sport.
Yeah, just a wave is fine.
I'm your new neighbor, Nick Carraway.
Oh, I hope we weren't too loud, old sport.
Yeah, this "old sport" thing,
is this something you're trying out,
or is this a keeper?
I just met you, so I wanna
tell you something very private.
Let's go out to the dock.
I come down here to think every night
and gaze at that green light.
It's where the love of my life lives.
Daisy Buchanan.
Um, I hate to break it you,
but that light you've been looking at,
is a gay gym called The Pump House.
I only know that because I saw a coupon
that came with my rental. Um...
Anyway, Daisy's house is over there.
She's my cousin.
Daisy's your cousin?
Yeah, lot of weird coincidences
for an American classic, huh?
What? I have to see her.
Well, I can set that up.
Only thing is, she's married.
Yeah, and I hear her husband's
a real heel.
Whoa! Language!
But, yeah, I'll set it up.
Tea, tomorrow at my house, 2:00 p.m.
Great.
She's gonna be there, right?
Yeah, why wouldn't she be there?
I don't know.
I'm just getting a funny vibe from you.
You asked me down to the docks alone
and you're getting a funny vibe from me?
Wow, what an ugly little house.
Oh, yeah, it's not that palace
of domestic abuse you live in.
What's up?
Oh, my God! Is it really you?
I've missed you, Daisy.
You're as beautiful as ever.
You know what else is beautiful?
My bank account.
Boom! Rich guy.
You're rich now? Oh, my God, I love that.
I know, right?
Come on, I'll show you my place.
Oh, you're leaving?
But I made all these deviled eggs.
- You made?
- You know what I meant.
Yeah, you made them. Great job.
You know, one of the best parts about
having an enormous mansion
is being able to come out here
and get some fresh air.
You know, sometimes,
I just want to jump off this balcony
and into that pool down there.
- So, do it.
- Yeah, I know, right? Do it.
Yeah, do it.
I know, I totally should, right?
Here I go.
One, two, three... Whoa!
Can you imagine?
Yeah, I can imagine.
It would be fun, you should do it.
If only it were that easy, right?
It is, it looks deep enough,
it's your pool, it's your house,
you can do whatever you want.
I know, right?
You know what?
I can't right now,
my pool guy's cleaning it.
Are you going to bone her?
This is amazing.
I've never seen so many shirts.
Do you have enough to, you know, throw?
Yeah, you know, they're actually
kind of expensive.
Oh, there she goes.
Shirt, shirt, shirt...
Okay, five is good, five is probably good.
Shirt, shirt.
Were you this crazy
when we dated before?
Hmm. Gatsby, is it?
I've been hearing about your vast,
newly acquired wealth
and your attentions to my wife.
So, I thought I would have you over to
my equally large and fancy
but imperceptibly more classy mansion
for an awkward dinner.
And, Nick, have you met Jordan?
She plays golf and is what kids
will someday call a duff.
Hey, yeah, nice tam o'shanter.
I'll drink your finger bowl,
if you don't want it.
In the book, I actually go
on a few dates with Jordan.
We're gonna skip all that.
Anyway, like I was saying, you're a trash
'cause you earned your money
a little bit more recently than me.
What are you getting at?
I'm saying I invited you over
and sat you next to my wife
to say, "Stay away from my wife."
You know what we should do?
Let's all drunk drive into Manhattan
and get a hotel room
and have the same conversation
we're having here.
I'm starting to think this isn't a very
good book.
I'd like to add another bit of
pointless confusion
that will make sense later,
let's everyone drive somebody else's car.
Someone can take my Coupe.
I'm riding with Gatsby,
I don't care which car.
I'll take someone in Daisy's car.
I don't think Daisy said
you could drive her car.
Tom, why don't you take Jay's car?
- Who's Jay?
- Gatsby.
Okay, I've never heard anyone
call him that.
Look, if you're in your own car,
you're in the wrong car.
All right, you guys get gas.
I got to talk to this random mechanic's
horny wife about some business.
Wilson, gonna need to fill her up.
Wilson's wife, fill her up. Get it?
I don't know what they do up there,
but they sure do listen
to Def Leppard pretty loud.
So, have you seen any good movies lately?
We just saw
Woman Tied to Railroad Tracks 5.
Pretty similar to 4.
Mmm-hmm. Mmm-hmm.
Well, looks like you guys are getting
a head start on the depression here.
Thanks for stopping by, Mr. Buchanan.
Yeah, sure.
Don't tell anyone how bad I look naked.
Have fun raising my bastard.
All right, let's head out.
Wait, but first.
I wanna see if we're in the funny
horn era.
Aha! We are!
All right, Gatsby, you think
you're so hot?
Let me show you how a classy guy
does classy stuff.
Hello, room service?
I'd like a bottle of your
second most expensive champagne.
And I'd like your most expensive bottle.
Wow, walked right into that one.
Okay, fine.
Let's see who has higher socks.
Whatever, Tom, none of that matters.
Daisy's in love with me.
In fact, she's never loved you.
Oh, is that so?
Well, I hear Gatsby didn't even fight
in World War I.
Wait, why is he calling it that?
Is there gonna be another big war?
I'm sorry, Tom.
That's right. I'm in love with Daisy,
and she loves me, old sport.
Would anyone like a deviled egg
from a tea I had several days ago?
Well, that was awful.
But I sure do enjoy driving your car,
instead of you driving it,
even though we came in a different car.
Drunk, don't forget, drunk.
You're drunk driving my car.
Gas and sandwiches,
get your gas and sandwiches.
That must be Tom since I saw him
in that car earlier.
Tom, Tom, it's me.
Oh, no, Myrtle.
Where will I ever find another woman
with a hotter name than Myrtle?
All right, pool, do your thing.
You hungover?
Uh, a little bit, yeah.
Okay, we're sort of racing
to the end here,
and with that,
I shall step slightly out of range.
All right, I'm just gonna take
a quick swim.
Oh, my God, where are the stairs?
There's no stairs,
I'm never gonna make it.
You were standing earlier in the day
next to the car that hit my wife.
I would soon return to New York
a changed man.
Because for me,
that will always be the summer
that I finally put my head under water.
I did it, I did it.
I wish somebody had seen that.
Hi, me again.
I'm not in that guy's library anymore.
I snuck up to the attic just before
the cops busted in.
They're down there now, look.
Only problem is, I really want to get to
that trunk of costumes in the corner.
On the one hand,
I don't want to give away my location.
On the other hand,
there might be a pirate hat.
Hmm, no pirate hat, but I'll make it work.
Ar! I'm a chef aboard a pirate ship.
Now, who be wanting pancakes?
I think I hear
something in the attic.
Oh, crap.
While I figure out my options,
here's Huckleberry Finn.
Hi, Huckleberry Finn.
Hi, Tom Sawyer.
You're Tom, I'm Huck.
Everybody good? Yup?
All right, let's do this.
Huckleberry Finn, you get inside
this house this minute.
It's Tuesday morning,
it's time for church.
Oh, Widow Douglas, I already been
to church three times today.
I want to stay home and play Angry Birds.
This is addictive.
Hey, I'm your abusive dad
and I've been drinking all day
from this here jug.
Oh, my God, is that a jug full of porn?
Hey, Widow Douglas,
I wanna live with my dad.
Shut your hole.
Now, come on, I need to use your pee.
I'm taking a wagon test in the morning.
I wish you wouldn't drink so much.
Stop counting my drinks.
Now, get over here so I can whip you.
Ow! Dad, no.
Yeah, that's right, bitch.
Now, it's your turn.
Gee, this is worse than
the Widow Douglas' house.
I got to get out of here.
I know, I'll fake my own death.
I just need enough blood
to make it look real.
Hey, there, you must be Huck.
Great to finally meet you.
I hope you like it here.
I'm gonna stab you for your blood.
Oh, come on, I just got shot
in the pool in the last...
I can't remember why I needed the blood.
Lord, I'm gonna tell you.
Being a slave is a much worse job
than the temp agency made it sound.
You gonna eat all that possum?
I am. My name is Huck Finn.
What's half of your name?
Jim. Nice to meet you.
I'm a runaway slave.
I'm running away 'cause people want me
to wear shoes and comb my hair.
So, I guess we got the exact same problem.
Hey, what's that sound?
Oh, no, it sounds like...
A waterfall!
Hold on!
We died.
So, wait, we didn't die?
I don't know, it's all just jokes.
- Oh! Did you see that?
- What?
I just skipped that rock six times.
That's a once-in-a-lifetime skip.
That's nice.
You don't believe me, do you?
I believe we've been out here a long time,
and a man's mind begins
to play tricks on him.
It happened for real,
I can't believe you didn't see it!
Of course, I saw it.
Most amazing damn thing
I ever did witness.
But I wasn't gonna tell Huck,
'cause he claimed he didn't see me
hook shot that apple core
into the garbage from way far away.
Hello, friends.
Why are you so friendly? You con man?
No, we're business men.
We're fake selling the Brooklyn Bridge.
Don't say, "Fake Selling."
We're real selling the Brooklyn Bridge.
Stop qualifying the selling,
we're just selling the Brooklyn Bridge.
- I'll buy it.
- Hold on, now, Huck.
These fellows are con men.
Push off, you grifters.
We don't want to ever see you again.
Fine, we're going.
It's a river,
we can't control how fast it goes,
we can barely steer.
Sorry.
Hey, what if it's spelled with an "A"
at the end of it? Is that okay?
Jim?
Jim.
If you're looking for a gym,
ye old Pump House is that way.
Can't miss it. Green light on the dock.
Tom Sawyer.
What are you doing so far from home?
Rush is playing here tonight.
They wrote a song about me.
Oh. Well, I'm looking for my friend, Jim.
Huck, great news, I'm free.
You are?
That's awesome, when did that happen?
It's just being revealed now but it
happened hundreds of pages ago.
Oh, wow. Weird.
So, uh, what's left to do?
I'll tell you what. Rush concert.
A modern day warrior
Mean, mean stride
Today's Tom Sawyer
Mean, mean pride...
Hey, I'm Mark Twain.
Pretty cool book, huh?
Well, while I'm being booked
and processed downtown,
we have time for one more classic
of American literature.
This one's about idiots choking rodents.
I give you Of Mice and Men.
Read him his rights.
You know what?
I'd like to read them myself.
Chapter one, Eat My Ass, Pigs.
The bones in my nose!
Wow, I remember when this used to be
all orange groves.
It's currently all orange groves.
Tell me again about our dream, George.
All right, all right.
We're going to open a bed and breakfast
in the country.
And we won't be afraid
to let our guests know
that we are Steelers fans in this house.
What about the rabbits?
Yeah, we'll have rabbits, too.
But we'll also have a sign
in the front that says,
"Steelers fan parking only."
And sometimes we'll give our guests
a fake hard time.
Like if they're Jets fans,
we'll be all like,
"Okay, I hope you don't get towed."
But, obviously, you know, of course,
we're not gonna tow them.
Hey there, strangers,
welcome to Phelps Ranch.
People call me Slim.
Ironically, I assume.
Listen, we're looking for field work,
if you need any extra hands.
Well, three of our guys
did just get squished,
so we just might. Come on in.
So, have you done this kind
of work before?
Have we pulled an object off a plant
and placed it in a burlap bag?
Yes, I think we understand
the nuances of this profession.
Good, good. And how about you?
Tell me about yourself.
I like to kill animals and then a lady.
I got a good feeling about you guys.
All right, you guys are doing great.
Hey, listen, my dog just had puppies,
and I thought,
since you're covered with feces
and I barely know you,
I'd give you a delicate snow white
newborn puppy.
Okay, just don't give me to dead eyes
over there,
'cause I've already been killed twice
in the other two stories
- and I don't want to...
- Puppy!
Oh, fuck!
This puppy doesn't work.
Well, well, well.
As you can tell by the,
"Well, well, well," he's the bad guy.
Looks like we got us some new employees.
That's right, Curley,
I hired them this morning.
Well, tell them to get out.
This is where I practice my karate
'cause I'm a dick.
I understand you like to pick fruit.
You ever pick something bruised
and pear shaped?
Fruit has seeds you can pull out.
Hey, Hodor,
stop coming on to my slutty wife.
Look, I can tell by the fact that you wear
a single Vaseline-filled leather glove
that you're a reasonable man.
So, let's all take a deep breath
and calm down.
No, karate chop.
Damn it!
I tuck my jeans into my boots.
I'll get you, you stupid giant moron.
Not great timing, I know,
but can I leave early for
a dentist appointment?
So, I should be home by 10:00.
It's just this piano bar/cabaret place
called Tinkles.
Rory told me about it.
Who's Rory?
You remember him,
the field hand who gave me
a shoulder ride back to the house,
that was Rory.
Anyway, it sounds like it's just a hoot.
Wow, maybe you'll meet a pretty lady
to get married to there.
Yeah, well, that's the idea.
While you're gone, can I touch myself?
Again, you don't have to
schedule that with me.
But, remember, if there's any trouble,
we meet by the big tree
on the edge of town.
Everything in my head is screaming.
All right, then I am off.
Well, hello there.
If it isn't the sexy imbecile.
Oh, hi. Sorry about what I did
to your husband earlier.
Yes, that was quite a hand job
you did on him.
You know, I'm not so bad at those myself.
I'm not gonna lie to you,
you're wasting your double entendres
on me.
I want you to destroy me.
Okay.
Jeepers creepers
Where'd you get those peepers?
Where'd you get those eyes?
Thank you, thank you.
Oh, I just love a song that explains
what it just said.
All right, evidently, I have to go
to the big tree on the edge of town
to take care of something.
This shouldn't take too long,
do not take my songs off the list.
I'm sorry, George,
I didn't mean to kill the girl,
and now the whole town's
gonna hang me by a rope.
Oh, I would never let that happen.
Thanks.
Tell me about the rabbits, George.
Yeah, sure thing. But while I do that,
why don't you face away from me
and count the stars?
Okay.
All right, so the B&B will have a rack
of single-gear bikes for every guest,
and, yes, next to that, of course,
is going to be the big giant rabbit hutch.
Bye-bye, Lennie.
Good night, kids.
Good luck with those book reports.